
		     CGI::Response, Version 0.021

		   Copyright (c) 1995 Marc Hedlund
			 All rights reserved.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    Artistic License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the Artistic License with this
    Kit, in the file named "LICENSE".  If not, I'll be glad to provide one.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

CGI::Response is one of several Perl5 modules designed to help create
easy and sophisticated CGI applications.  THIS IS AN ALPHA TEST
RELEASE, which means that future releases are _NOT_ guaranteed to be
backwards-compatible.  The interface to this module will be frozen
once it reaches beta release (version 0.1).

DEPENDENCIES
------------

First, I very strongly recommend that you install Perl version 5.001n
or later.  If you are unsure which version of Perl you have, type
'perl -v'.

This module depends on several other modules which are not part of the
standard Perl distribution.  You must install these modules before
using CGI::Response.

Sources for each of these modules are listed in the paragraphs below.
However, it would be easier to retrieve all of them from a CPAN
archive.  (CPAN, the Comprehensive Perl Archive Network, is a
set of sites which archive all perl-related materials in an
easy-to-use fashion.)  For a list of CPAN mirror sites see
<URL:http://www.perl.com/perl/CPAN/CPAN.html>.

   CGI::*
   ------
   The CGI::* modules are maintained by Lincoln Stein
   <lstein@genome.wi.mit.edu>, and are available at
   <URL:http://www-genome.wi.mit.edu/WWW/tools/scripting/CGIperl/>.
   Get the package entitled 'CGI-modules.tar.gz'.

   If the CGI::Base module is already installed on your system, you
   may skip this step, though I recommend getting the current version
   if you are going to use CGI::Response regularly.

   HTTP::* 
   ------- 
   The HTTP::* modules are maintained by Gisle Aas <aas@oslonett.no>
   and are available in the libwww-perl-5 package, which you can get
   from <URL:http://www.oslonett.no/home/aas/perl/www/>.  NOTE: This
   version of libwww-perl is _NOT_ the same as the Perl4 version of
   the same name.  Be sure you install the right package!

   SelfLoader.pm
   -------------
   SelfLoader.pm is maintained by Jack Shirazi <JackS@slc.com> and is
   available from <URL:ftp://ftp.icnet.uk/icrf-public/biu/perlmods/>
   (although the version at CPAN may be more current).

INSTALLATION
------------

After you have unpacked your kit, you should have all the files listed
in MANIFEST.

The following should work on most systems:
	perl Makefile.PL
	make
	make test
	make install

If that doesn't work, you can always just copy the 'CGI/Response.pm' file
into the 'CGI' directory of your perl5 lib directory (probably
/usr/local/lib/perl5/).

If you have any trouble, please feel free to write me at the address
below.  I cannot promise to answer all questions, but if you raise an
installation issue, I will try to address it.

USAGE
-----

[For the time being, the only real documentaion for this module is the
source code.  The next release, 0.03, will include a full pod. --MH]

Documentation is provided in pod ("plain old documentation") format,
embedded within the Response.pm module itself.  Pod can be converted
to man page or HTML format using tools provided in the Perl
distribution (pod2man and pod2html).  You can also read the pod by
typing 'perldoc CGI::Response' once you have installed the module.
For more information about perldoc, type 'perldoc perldoc'.

AUTHOR
------

Marc Hedlund <hedlund@best.com>

